v2.2.1e (10/28/2020)
-------
1. Enhancement - Updated the iOS App tracking method to request the phone's location when the Next Update Time is reached in the same manner as the iCloud tracking methods. Using the tracking method 'iosapp' eliminates all iCloud account polling, relies only on the data provided by the iOS app and provides a reliable tracking method when access to the iCloud accounts is limited due to 2fa authentication/verification issues. At night, the iOS App usually shuts down when the phone is asleep. When the phone becomes inactive and is not responding to location requests, a message is displayed in the Event Log and on the iCloud3 information screen, the interval is increased until the phone wakes up and the iOS App becomes active again. When iOS App wakes up and begins responding to the location request, polling will automatically resume. Note: If the iOS App is running in the background, it still may not wake up and respond to the location requests. In that case, the iOS App must be restarted. iCloud3 will detect the 'launch' trigger issued by the iOS App and begin polling as normal.
2. Bug fix - The iOS App device_tracker entity contained the zone's friendly name on enter/exit events while iCloud3 used the zone name for it's device_tracker entity. This led to extra zone triggers zone mismatch errors when the names were different. This has been fixed.
3. Updated - Changed the way zones are handled to better support overlapping zones, particularilly when you have two zones with a center at the same location with different sizes. For example, your Home zone has a radius of 100m and you have a second zone at the Home zone's location with a radius of 500m. The larger zone will help wake up the iOS App before you reach the Home zone. Another example is having a city size zone to display the city's name instead of Away in the Zone and State entities on the Event Log and iCloud3 information screen.
4. New parameter - 'display_zone_name: True/False', Default: False. iCloud3 (and the iOS App) displays the zone's friendly name in the Zone and iOSApp state fields on the Event Log and the iCloud3 information screen. If the friendly name is too long to be displayed, it will be truncated. With this parameter, the zone's name rather than it's friendly name, is displayed.
5. New parameter - 'time_format: 12/24', Default depends on the unit_of_measurement (mi=12, km=24). This parameter overrides the unit_of_measurement time format.
6. Enhancement - Added error handling to the iCloud authentication/verification process.


v2.2.1c (10/20/2020)
-------
1. Bug fix - The iOS App reports the device_tracker state with the zone's friendly_name. iCloud3 was handling zones by the zone name. This caused problems handling zone change detection and, at times created a iOS App/iCloud3 state mismatch error.
2. Bug fix - If (1) the phone was turned off and not available when HA restarted or (2) became unreachable for an extended period of time while HA/iCloud3 was running (cell service down, turned off, airplane mode, etc.), the phone would be in a not_set state or the location would become older and older. This would hang up iCloud3 in a 5-second update loop, polling iCloud for location data when none was available. It will now retry the data request 4-times at a 15-second interval. The interval will increase to 1, 5, 15, 30, 1 hr and then the max_interval (4-hrs) and remain there until the phone comes back online.  If the phone is then turned on, it will be picked up on the next successful location data request and returned and then tracked as normal.
3. Bug fix - When old location messages were added to the Event Log if the last located time is old and the phone is in a zone.
4. Bug fix - If the unit_of_measurement not being set to 'km' if the parameter was in the config_ic3.yaml file. It was being set correctly if it was in the HA configuration.file.
5. Bug fix - Fixed 'Lost Pnone' notification. It will now work with all tracking methods using the iOS App Notifications platform.
6. If the phone's name started with iPhone (or iPad), the first character of the sensor.xxx friendly_name attribute would be a '-'. The '-' was removed. Also removed the '-' between the phone's name and the attribute name to match the iOS App friendly_name formatting.
7. New configuration parameter - 'display_zone_name: True/False(default)' The 'device_tracker.[devicename]' entity displays the zone's friendly_ name, which is then displayed on the lovelace card. The name is truncated if it is longer than 10-12 letters. This option, if True, will display the zone name itself instead of the friendly_name.
8. Added some logger debug statements to 'pyicloud_ic3.py' to capture icloud request/response events that might help pinpoint what is happening when iCloud needs to do an account verification.
To turn this on, add the following to your configuration.yaml file:
logger:
  default: info
  logs:
    custom_components.icloud3.pyicloud_ic3: debug



v2.2.1b (10/14/2020)
--------------------
1. Fixes a Region Entered trigger being discarded when the distance to the center of the zone is between the zone's radius and 100m when the radius is less than 100m. The iOS App issues the Region Enter trigger when the distance is less than 100m, regardless of the zone size. iCloud3 looks at the zone size and not the 100m prezone size like the iOS App.
2. A location will not be considered old if it's age is less than 1-minute to reduce the number of location upates that are discarded.
3. Updated sensor icons.

v2.2.1a (10/13/2020)
--------------------
1. Display an Alert message in the Event Log if the config_ic3.yaml file is found in the icloud3 directory.
2. Restart iCloud3 to reinitialize location information when the iCloud account is verified with the 6-digit authentication code. Previously, iCloud3 was resuming and, in some cases, would not receive location information from iCloud Location Services on the next poll.
3. Fixed the iOS App monitor so it would show the iOS App gps accuracy rather than the last iCloud value.
4. Fixed a determining the polling interval if the last poll was from iCloud data and it was discarded due to poor gps accuracy and the next poll was from the iOS App with good gps accuracy.
5. Added the 'noiosapp' value to the track_devices parameter that indicates the devicename does not have the iOS App installed on it. Example '  - gary_iphone > gary-456@email.com, gary.png, noiosapp'
6. Added the results of the interval calculation to the Event Log Tracking Monitor display.
7. Changed Event Log > Actions > Request iOS App Location to 'Update Location' to issue an iOS App Locate Reuest if the iOS App is installed or an iCloud Location request if it is not installed.